c:\users\nuuklu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\bin\Debug\KahveciLINQ.exe.config
c:\users\nuuklu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\bin\Debug\KahveciLINQ.exe
c:\users\nuuklu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\bin\Debug\KahveciLINQ.pdb
c:\users\nuuklu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\obj\Debug\KahveciLINQ.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nuuklu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\obj\Debug\KahveciLINQ.Form1.resources
c:\users\nuuklu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\obj\Debug\KahveciLINQ.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\nuuklu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\obj\Debug\KahveciLINQ.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\nuuklu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\obj\Debug\KahveciLINQ.exe
c:\users\nuuklu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\obj\Debug\KahveciLINQ.pdb
c:\users\nuuklu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\bin\Debug\DAL.dll
c:\users\nuuklu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\bin\Debug\DomainEntity.dll
c:\users\nuuklu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\nuuklu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\nuuklu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\bin\Debug\DAL.pdb
c:\users\nuuklu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\bin\Debug\DomainEntity.pdb
c:\users\nuuklu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\nuuklu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\nuuklu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\obj\Debug\KahveciLINQ.SiparisEkran.resources
C:\Users\nuuklu\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\obj\Debug\KahveciLINQ.GunlukRapor.resources
C:\Users\nuuklu\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\obj\Debug\KahveciLINQ.AylikRapor.resources
C:\Users\nuuklu\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\obj\Debug\KahveciLINQ.UrunYonet.resources
C:\Users\nuuklu\Desktop\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\bin\Debug\KahveciLINQ.exe.config
C:\Users\nuuklu\Desktop\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\obj\Debug\KahveciLINQ.exe
C:\Users\nuuklu\Desktop\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\obj\Debug\KahveciLINQ.pdb
C:\Users\nuuklu\Desktop\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\bin\Debug\KahveciLINQ.exe
C:\Users\nuuklu\Desktop\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\bin\Debug\KahveciLINQ.pdb
C:\Users\nuuklu\Desktop\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\bin\Debug\DAL.dll
C:\Users\nuuklu\Desktop\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\bin\Debug\DomainEntity.dll
C:\Users\nuuklu\Desktop\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\nuuklu\Desktop\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\nuuklu\Desktop\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\bin\Debug\DAL.pdb
C:\Users\nuuklu\Desktop\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\bin\Debug\DomainEntity.pdb
C:\Users\nuuklu\Desktop\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\nuuklu\Desktop\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\nuuklu\Desktop\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\obj\Debug\KahveciLINQ.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\nuuklu\Desktop\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\obj\Debug\KahveciLINQ.AylikRapor.resources
C:\Users\nuuklu\Desktop\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\obj\Debug\KahveciLINQ.Form1.resources
C:\Users\nuuklu\Desktop\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\obj\Debug\KahveciLINQ.GunlukRapor.resources
C:\Users\nuuklu\Desktop\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\obj\Debug\KahveciLINQ.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\nuuklu\Desktop\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\obj\Debug\KahveciLINQ.SiparisEkran.resources
C:\Users\nuuklu\Desktop\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\obj\Debug\KahveciLINQ.UrunYonet.resources
C:\Users\nuuklu\Desktop\KahveciLINQ\KahveciLINQ\obj\Debug\KahveciLINQ.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\nuuklu\Source\Repos\KahveciLNQ\KahveciLINQ\bin\Debug\KahveciLINQ.exe.config
C:\Users\nuuklu\Source\Repos\KahveciLNQ\KahveciLINQ\obj\Debug\KahveciLINQ.exe
C:\Users\nuuklu\Source\Repos\KahveciLNQ\KahveciLINQ\obj\Debug\KahveciLINQ.pdb
